### I have experience as a full stack engineer with the following technologies:
Rest APIs Design | Web Development | Firebase | Kotlin | Python | Django | TypeScript | Microservices |

### Repositories explained:
1. **MaaS-Thesis**: this was the final project for my undergraduate journey (related paper: https://repositorio.uniandes.edu.co/handle/1992/59062?show=full). It aimed at being a Model as a Service, a companion tool for consulting firms with optmization models, and related algorithms, as their product. It was created using Django (Python) with a modified file structure that personally guaranteed functional flexibility and scalabilty. In current iterations of the project, you will find this as the main repository for algorithms and optimization models I find interesting enough to study, develop and test.
2. **Movies-App**: a Kotlin powered mobile app for Android that helped its users choose a film to watch, either alone or with a companion. This was the final project of the Mobile Development class, developed in a group of three. I am e specially proud of this project, not only because it earned us a near perfect score in the subject, but because it allowed me to learn A LOT about design patterns and new programming concepts, given this was my first time creating a mobile app. Movies-app greatly contributed to my aim of becoming a Software Architect.
3. **Auth microservice**: I have recently gotten involved with microservices and I wanted to come up with a template of my own for future Python microservices, while making its tooling as flexible as possible (i.e. letting the user choose between RabbitMQ, Rest, GraphQL and gRPC for its strategy of communication with other microservices). Plus, being an authentication and authorization service, this can serve as a program future projects can rely on.
4. **Banking simulator backend**: this project was mostly created to showcase my abilities for creating SQL queries, encrypting sensitive data, and managing expiring tokens when requesting access to the backend.
